Add pages for most of the missing documentation (#73)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: docs/administrator-docs/hardware-acceleration.md

# Hardware Acceleration

Jellyfin supports hardware acceleration of video encoding/decoding/transcoding using FFMpeg. It supports multiple acceleration types, including  AMD AMF, Intel Quick Sync, OpenMax OMX, nVidia NVENC, Intel/AMD VAAPI, and others.

## Enabling Hardware Acceleration

> Hardware acceleration options can be found in the Admin Dashboard under the **Transcoding** section. Select a valid hardware acceleration option from the drop-down menu, indicate a device if applicable, and check `enable hardware encoding` as well as decoding if your hardware supports that as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hardware acceleration options can be found in the Admin Dashboard under the **Transcoding** section. Select a valid hardware acceleration option from the drop-down menu, indicate a device if applicable, and check `enable hardware encoding` to enable encoding as well as decoding, if your hardware supports this.
```
